README.md, before:

# Eclectus Bot

**A cross-platform messaging service chatbot!**

Eclectus runs on Heroku and currently works on these messaging platforms:

 - GroupMe
 - Telegram

Also, a shout out to [Apnorton](https://github.com/apnorton) and his [Bloom Bot tutorial](https://www.apnorton.com/blog/2017/02/28/How-I-wrote-a-Groupme-Chatbot-in-24-hours), from which this code is forked.

## Local Testing

You can run `/app.py` to open a "chat prompt", simulate sending messsages to Eclectus, and view its response. It doesn't simulate extracting the chat message from different messaging platforms, so it's mainly useful for testing your custom commands or new modules.

```
    $ python3 app.py 
    Bot is ready. Press Ctrl+C to exit.
        Chat > Hello World!
                {'text': 'Hiya!'}
        Chat > Hello Eclectus Bot!
                {'text': "Hi, I'm a bot!"}
        Chat > Lets !flip a coin
                {'text': 'Dev flips a coin. It landed on heads!'}
```

## What does "Eclectus" mean?

Eclectus Bot is named after the Eclectus Parrot. You can read more about them over on their [Wikipedia page](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Eclectus_parrot).

The avatar is a pixel art version of the bird, based off of a [photo](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Eclectus_parrot#/media/File:Eclectus_roratus-20030511.jpg) taken by [Doug Janson](https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/User:Dougjj). The avatar image is available under [CC BY-SA 3.0](https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-sa/3.0/).

Commit message:

Add links to external resources and video tutorial

README.md, after:

# Eclectus Bot

**A free and customizable cross-platform chatbot!**

Eclectus Bot runs on a free Heroku account and currently works on these messaging platforms:

 - Telegram
 - GroupMe

Also, a shout out to [Apnorton](https://github.com/apnorton) and his [Bloom Bot tutorial](https://www.apnorton.com/blog/2017/02/28/How-I-wrote-a-Groupme-Chatbot-in-24-hours), from which this code is forked.

## Installation Process

[This video tutorial](https://youtu.be/WdL85GmZQFg) has been created to show how to set up the Heroku project, as well as the necessary config variables and bot config files.

Some useful resources:

- [Git Bash (Windows)](https://git-scm.com/download/win)
- [Heroku CLI](https://devcenter.heroku.com/articles/heroku-cli)
- [Heroku](https://dashboard.heroku.com/apps)
- [JSON Validator](https://jsonlint.com/)

#### Telegram Specific Resources

 - [Setting up Telegram specific Config Variables](https://youtu.be/6CpkerdzpWM)
 - [Setting up the bot's webhook](https://medium.com/@xabaras/setting-your-telegram-bot-webhook-the-easy-way-c7577b2d6f72)
 - Webhook URL "Template": `https://api.telegram.org/bot{my_bot_token}/setWebhook?url={url_to_send_updates_to}`

#### GroupMe-Specific Resources

 - [GroupMe Developer's Page](https://dev.groupme.com/bots)

## Local Testing

You can run `/app.py` to open a "chat prompt", simulate sending messages to Eclectus, and view its response. It doesn't simulate extracting the chat message from the data received by different messaging platforms, so this is mainly useful for testing your custom commands or new modules.

```
    $ python3 app.py
    Bot is ready. Press Ctrl+C to exit.
        Chat > Hello World!
                {'text': 'Hiya!'}
        Chat > Hello Eclectus Bot!
                {'text': "Hi, I'm a bot!"}
        Chat > Lets !flip a coin
                {'text': 'Dev flips a coin. It landed on heads!'}
```

## What does "Eclectus" mean?

Eclectus Bot is named after the Eclectus Parrot. You can read more about them over on their [Wikipedia page](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Eclectus_parrot).

The avatar is a pixel art image of the bird, based on the [photo](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Eclectus_parrot#/media/File:Eclectus_roratus-20030511.jpg) taken by [Doug Janson](https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/User:Dougjj). The Eclectus Bot avatar is available under [CC BY-SA 3.0](https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-sa/3.0/).
